BWDB-10511 (#634)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: campaigns/guides/bandwidth10dlcCampaignImportUiGuide.md

{% raw %}
<section class="campaignManagementGuides">
{% endraw %}

# Bandwidth 10DLC Campaigns Import UI Guide {#top}

> This walks through how to import and view your campaigns through the [Bandwidth Dashboard](dashboard.bandwidth.com) for use with our [Number Management](../../numbers/about.md) and [Messaging](../../messaging/about.md) API's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This walks through how to import and view your campaigns through the [Bandwidth Dashboard](https://dashboard.bandwidth.com) for use with our [Number Management](../../numbers/about.md) and [Messaging](../../messaging/about.md) API's.
```

Link is broke, I think this will fix it

_Note_: If you get an error message while importing, it is likely that -
1) your CSP ID on your account is incorrect,
2) the campaign has not yet been shared with BANDW DCA

## Assign a campaign to a TN

You should see **Numbers** in the navigation bar. 
If you select it, you will be routed to a sub navigation where you will see **My Numbers**.
If you select it, you can search for a TN and view the details page.

<img src="../../images/tn-option-order-1.png" style="max-width:95%"><br/>

Once on the TN details page, you can scroll to the bottom where you will see SMS Settings. 
Ensure SMS Settings is on, and that use location defaults is off. 
You will see a dropdown labeled **A2P Campaign ID**. 
Your imported campaigns will be found in the dropdown. 
When you select a Campaign ID the **Message Class** field will auto-populate with the message class assigned from TCR.
When you click the **Save** button, the TN will be associated with the Campaign ID and will be ready for use.<br/>

<img src="../../images/tn-option-order-2.png" style="max-width:95%"><br/> 
  
<img src="../../images/tn-option-order-3.png" style="max-width:95%"><br/>

> For more info on TNs, please see [Advanced Ordering](../../numbers/guides/advancedOrdering.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more info on TNs, please see [our number ordering guide](../../numbers/guides/onDemandNumberSearchAndOrder.md)
```
